{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
"How's Atticus?" First words out of Neil as soon a\
\
Created:\
Thursday, August 6, 2015 1:56:07 PM Brazil (Sao Paulo)\
\
Body:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 "How's Atticus?" First words out of Neil as soon as he saw Tyson. Tyson Blake didn't even flinch for a second before bolting like a guided missile onto Neil and grabbing him by the throat. Like a hammer dropping into a metal barrel, the tension bell rang in Barry's ear as he and the deckmate immediately sprunt towards the hope of separating the two. Tyson didn't even notice the ruckus on his behalf as his eyes give dead center to Neil's. He presses his thumb and index and raises Neil against the hull of the deck with one hand while pushing him forward towards the other. As they both hit the deck's hull Tyson mockingly grunted back at Neil while choking the life out of him: "Ahhh! You know how it is. It's all good buddy." And with the same swiftness that the rage came over him it just as well dissipated. Tyson knew he needed Neil for this mission. He needed the crew of the ship to trust his orders and worst of all he knew he needed the great Neil Roberts to carry the mission out. As much as he hated him, he needed him. Tyson arduously eased the grip on Neil's larynx as the crisp cackling sound of air signaled hope back into his captive's eyes Neil began to resume consciousness he realized he was now bent over kneeling on the floor. His chest exasperated as the oxygen drew back into his lungs. He struggled halfhearted and took a few deep breaths before getting back on his fist and lunging the entire weight of his body onto Tyson. In what almost seemed like an all too familiar coordination Tyson calmly just slid right as Neil bolted past him.\
\
\'a0In absolute stupor Neil plowed into a bunch of crab cages but not before pulling on a winch lever that was hoisting the buntline holding Barry's tools on the mast. With that the tools came crashing down momentarily distracting Tyson and the others. When Tyson looked back he saw Neil coming at him with a left hook that would have connected if not for Tyson drifting the punch towards his right shoulder. It was an Aikido move that Neil had seen many times before and knew all to well so instead of following up with a right uppercut he threw his whole body forward and grappled Tyson to the floor. That did nothing. Tyson just smiled and wrapped his boots and legs across Neil's back and pinned Neil's arms against his and began tumbling and rolling towards the bridge door. Once there, the dock master hit the bell as by now everyone on the docks was watching the fight. Barry came over and stood over them and told Tyson: "Alright, you crazy fuck. I think you won. Let'im go." To which Tyson respectfully replied: "Fuck you, old man. Stay out of it." "Ok. I tried" said Barry to the MP's who took out their stun batons which were really just cattle prods with a carbon fiber outfitting and proceeded to hit Tyson and Neil like they were both cinco de mayo pi\'f1atas.\
\
When they both woke up, they were both wrapped up and naked in serran wrap\'a0\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
}