{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
Atticus walks into the building along his men all \
\
Created:\
Monday, March 9, 2015 7:33:11 AM Brazil (Sao Paulo)\
\
Body:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 Atticus walks into the building along his men all of them in fatigues all of the armed to the gills except for Atticus who has 2 side pistols. One is a beretta. The other one is hidden in a Baggie tarp that drapes over the side listens for signs of disturbance after he orders the pilot to shut down the engine. He walks into building as if he owns the place. His men on the lookout but he pays no mind to the sorroundings as he heads straight towards the stairs through a walkway filled with men all with automatic rifles and scopes. Each one of the men is positioned next to one of the large corner of windows. There is unrest in the air as murmuring voices signal the arrival of Atticus. Three men sitting on the floor that has been covered with a rubber tarp making no sound whatsoever one of the men the Latino the Mexican raises his hand and immediately the room falls silent. The man in the middle signals in an inviting manner to sit. Atticus takes a look around the room as he scans all the faces his gaze pauses at a distant corner of the hall. He walks towards it grabs a chair places it in front of the gang members and sits looking down on them in mocking fashion. The room falls dead silent now as the view from the men's perspective now plainly reveals all the guns pointed at each other with three tribal gang leaders sitting on the floor like a trio of jackasses and Atticus on his chair looking like he's about to tell a bedtime story to a room full of children. Atticus reaches into his pocket both sides of course cock their guns. Atticus takes out a cigar and begins lighting it up.\'a0\
"Do you know who I am?" Said Atticus\
"Yeah, we know who you are." Said the gang member in the middle.\
"I'm the guy who the guy the White House sends to negotiate with terrorists" said Atticus with a big smile. Cigar in his mouth.\
"Is that what you came to do cuero? You here to negotiate dash puto?" Said one of the leaders.\
Atticus takes a bigger puff from his Cigar gives and laughs while looking back to his men but quickly turn his head back very serious towards the leader puts out his cigar on the floor.\
"you got no options here...well you got one really"\
"Oh yeah what's that?"\
Atticus smiles yet again. Gimme the hostages.\
"What no returns?"\
"No cuero. no returns."\
The room gets quiet all of a sudden. Not because people have stopped talking. More like something in the air has drastically changed\
There is a vacuum forming everyone can feel it. It takes a second for the gang members to realize there's no sound from anything. They can't hear the people rioting in the streets nor the sirens. They cannot hear anything. There is literally a dead vacuuming silence. The realization only last as long as took for it to arrive as the walls explode with another wall more like a river of bullets in leashed at such a precise and horizontal angle that not a single one manages to hit either the floor of the room nor any of the men including Atticus who was sitting no more than two feet away from the targets. Light shatters through as not just the windows but the walls on both end explode in a pattern that would easily simulate desintegration\
All the windows explode with a hail of bullets more like an endless Ray of rounds that disintegrate and explode everything in their path. Rapid fire of such a high rate of dispersion that the \'a0rounds become incendiary burn even the atmosphere around the targets. It only takes 1.6 seconds before the entire command structure of the gangas has been converted tu a large burnt pulp. All that is left of the room can only be seen through a large wall of concrete smoke and the rays of the sun coming in from the ceiling that once was. All the men were already in position as there is no time to take cover. Commander Atticus is sitting in his chair relighting his cigar admiring the savagery of the carnage. Sitting contemplating the wall of smoke that would not dare touch him.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
}