{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
Benitez character story arc was a gang member sinc\
\
Created:\
Saturday, August 8, 2015 2:04:17 PM Brazil (Sao Paulo)\
\
Body:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 Benitez character story arc was a gang member since he was 8 years old. Got into businesses at some point with the Arian brotherhood. The white supremacists end up killing his brother by castrating him and hanging him off a highway sign post. Benitez and his gang retaliated by burying their whole crew alive in mountain of rubble in the \'a0mining fields. But then Benitez gets pinned down by one of the Arians brother and thrown into a wood chopper. Apparently the wood chopper was really old or was one of those pieces of machinery that had to be kept in service. Cause at some point in the midst of the agonizing screams the machine breaks down and when the Arian brother goes to see what's up. His face turns whiter even and he just gives a look to the others and then just bolts out of there like there's no tomorrow. But from that night on the word was that the motherfucker had survived that shit.\
\
Latino Bones Benitez\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
}