{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
Chapter1\
\
Created:\
Sunday, March 8, 2015 9:36:44 AM Brazil (Sao Paulo)\
\
Body:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 Chapter1\
"Commander!! Wow!!" Tyson laughed "So he's a Commander now, huh?"\
He listens to the words in his voice as they sounded more amusing than the last time. "Lieutenant Commander Blake. God damn" said Tyson again as if trying to annoy the guard in front of him. "You know what I'd be doing right now if I was an Ltcom? " continued Tyson ignoring the guard dogs barking "do you have any idea"\
I said shut up said the guard raising even further his voice. "Pussy" sAid Tyson softly, and then he yells it "I'd be knee deep in pussy."\'a0\
"Alright! That's it!" The guard grabbed Tyson by the arm. Tyson in what seemed like three lightning speed moves latched on to the guards wrist of the same arm twisting it away from him while at the same time hitting the elbow to stretch the guards arm and reaching underneath his armpit to dislocate it. The guard instantly fell to the floor screaming in pain. Not three seconds later does the door open and in comes the generals. Tyson Blake... The infamous Tyson finished saying as he grabbed a metal chair like it was made of cotton candy and threw it at the general. The general grabbed the chair in mid air like it was also nothing and threw it back at the wall where the thing finally crashed into pieces.\'a0\
"What the hell is your problem Blake? You still acting like you got a donkey's ass chance in hell of getting out of here...?" The general wasn't finished but he took one glance at the private who was squirming the floor and added profusely and angry and mad "...alive?"\
It was as if the general was angrier at the fact that Blake had left the guard live than at the notion of the attack in the first places.\
\
The general reached the belt off one of the guards accompanying him and threw a grenade that seemed to explode on impact but made a hissing noise as a white silvery powder began to cover Blake from head to toe. The powder immediately became magnetized and began penetrating his skin and began electrocuting Blake until he was compliant.\
\
There was nothing Blake could do to obey. He had to comply. The general told the guard: "get up private! Move the man up to the heli deck" "give him a view. He added"\
"Let's go move!" And with that the private yelled not half a second later Tyson was standing up. His body moving already like it knew where to go. The deep blur in his eyes was from what was known as the drought. Infectious nanobots slowly dehydrating his body to the point of mental exhaustion but not so much that the host had no ability to move just an inability to fight.\
\
With that Tyson is taken to a helipad On the lower decks where the rest of the fleet guns and war planes were parked. He was instructed to kneel in front of the view deck overlooking the ocean as the sun was slowly setting. Everything was calm for about three minutes until a helicopter was seen approaching the horizon. The helicopter was double helixed, bulky and large and probably used for moving troops around in the battle zone. The helicopter approached and slowly got closer Tyson could feel a panic as he knew once again what was coming. For a second he had forgotten how his previous attempts of escape had begun... And ended. How they always ended. A sort of relief finally drenched over his face as he immediately realized the obvious to him. He was not in control. He never had been.\
As these thoughts penetrated his soul, the helicopter looked like it was just about to crash into them when it made a hard right and banked upwards toward the top deck of the carrier. The sound of the chopper disappeared and had slowly been drenched over and replaced by the ships water slide and whirling sounds of movement through the ocean. The mechanical dealings in the ship had somehow been muffled by the nanobots in his body trying to impede machinery noise to invade his brain. Probably to dull his senses and soothe his anxieties of what Tyson already feared. But he knew. That helicopter was landing.\
\
Engines off. The helicopter rudders were still spinning but the crew occupying it were already off and waiting for the deck officer to brief them before chow down. It was crew of eight roughneck soldiers that already by the looks of them you could tell they had seen some real shit. The leader was Lt Mike Holloway code name Miggs. And right away you could tell he wasn't your average squad leader. For starters: he was a sniper. Miggs Holloway and his infamous squad was known for taking on full missions with their Lt whistling commands at them at half a klic away from comma. It came to be nobody ever knew who was rely in command of the squad because you never ever saw Miggs with them on the field. But he was around. You couldn't see him but he was always around. There aren't a whole lot of special forces run by a guy who can shoot off an EB enemy combatant from over thousand yards off. Even less who can do it while running assuming command of the entire ops. Miggs could; his crew knew it too. Everybody who ran with Miggs said the same thing. On e\
Any given mission you only saw Miggs twice. At the beginning of the mission when he was briefing you and in the end when you where coming back. It was a weird way to run a crew but it worked. Especially with the "infamous" crew whose name came not only from their merc company name INFAM which stood for internal neutralization force but also from the fact that they were so good that later after they retired they added AM to the name and began taking jobs all over the world as private contractors. No one really knows what the M stands for but its a sure guess it's for mercenaries.\'a0\
Little Cappa, Santos, Luke Lucy,\'a0\
v, Mikavilov Kornjakovis "corner", Terry "baller" Jackson, maggot, and Juice, double tap.\
Second in command was Vee codename "headhunter". She was ex Israeli special forces. Tough like a motherfucker and loyal to a fault. Her backstory is anybody's guess but what is certain is she used to be the resident go to when it came to interrogation. She was especially talented at making people feel like they were burning without actually burning them. A talent that would later land her as one of the top brass in the Spezt Nas. A position she would later come to decline.\
As for the rest of the crew, there really wasn't much worth mentioning. Terry and Maggot were really good at crowd control and demolitions. Little Capa was our comma specialist. Luke Lucy was our stringer: last minute replacement for Quinto and Leeland, fallen comrades from a previous mission.\'a0\
As for juice and double tap? They were straight up gangsters. Green Berets, Delta Force, the whole works. Between them they had more medals than the Olympics commission. Juice had killed more people than anybody else in the crew put together and that was saying a lot. But you couldn't get any juice without a Double Tap. Now DT has an interesting history. She is was the afghan wife of a sheik who captured her from a tribe that had been massacred by the muja hadeem. She was thirteen years old when this happened. She never really recovered but word is. She was found still riding the sheik even after she had decapitated him.\'a0\
\
Wreckage highway death.\'a0\
One survivor.\
Assembling the team\
Scene3\
The pre mission briefing.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
}