{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
ISFJ: Introvert Sensing Feeling Judging.\
\
Created:\
Wednesday, August 5, 2015 12:43:20 AM Brazil (Sao Paulo)\
\
Body:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 ISFJ: Introvert Sensing Feeling Judging. Tip #1 For a story to be exciting it has to show not tell what is happening. You want your reader to feel that he or she is there experiencing what is going on. For example, being told that \'91the dog bit the man, and the man bit back\'92 is telling and not showing. Instead of telling, try Tip #2. Tip #2 It is always good to start your story with something happening. A story that begins with action is likely to be more gripping for the reader than, say, description. \'91Ouch!\'92 the man yelled when the dog bit him. Tip #3 We live in a technicolour world. Bring attention to the vivid colours around us. The man\'92s blood dripped down into the hole the dog had dug. The ripe tomatoes on the dug-up tomato plants exactly matched the colour of the bright red blood dripping from the man\'92s hand. Tip #4 Try a different perspective or point of view. Another way to think of point of view is to imagine the story as it is seen through another character\'92s eyes. Sometimes writing your story from a different point of view can change the effect completely. In the following section, the focus shifts from the man\'92s point of view to the dog\'92s. The dog snarled, baring his white sharp teeth. He\'92d thought burying his bone would keep it safe, but this intruder had found it anyway. Tip #5 Add dialogue. Too much narrative (telling) can bog a story down. Adding dialogue can make it more exciting for your reader. \'91Digging holes in my garden!\'92 the man yelled. He wound his white handkerchief around his hand, and it quickly grew spotted with red. \'91Look what you\'92ve done to my prize tomatoes!\'92 Tip #6 Show emotions through action. If I write that the man was so upset at the dog burying a bone in his tomato patch that he got angry, I would be telling, not showing. In the next passage, the man\'92s loss of control and temper are shown by his shouting, high face colour, heavy breathing and irrational behaviour. The dog didn\'92t care about the prize tomatoes. He dragged his large bone further into the shelter of the tomatoes, destroying more of the plants. The man\'92s face was now as red as his spotted handkerchief. He was breathing heavily. If he had been a steam engine there would have been steam coming from his nose. \'91My tomatoes. My prize tomatoes!\'92 he howled. He ran after the dog through the tomato plants. He swung his heavy, mud-laden garden boot forward into a kick. But the dog ducked low to the ground. The man missed the dog and overbalanced. He fell down, flattening even more of his precious tomato plants. Even on the ground, the man flailed about, trying to grab the dog. The dog dropped his bone and turned to have another go at the man. But the man managed to clamp the dog\'92s muzzle shut. He pulled the dog\'92s head closer. Tip #7 Think of an original ending. For a short story that is humorous, an unusual finish can be exciting. \'91Bite me, would you?\'92 the man shouted. \'91How do you like being bitten?\'92 The man chomped his large teeth on the floppy dog\'92s ear. He bit down, hard. The dog howled in pain and tried to pull away, but the man\'92s teeth were too firmly attached. The dog whined and stopped struggling. He was beaten. He had never heard of humans biting dogs before. The man let go. He spat out dog hair and blood and stood up. \'91Now get out of my garden and stay out,\'92 he screamed. \'91And take your bone with you!\'92 he yelled and hurled the bone after the fleeing dog. Margaret Pearce, author of children's fiction The elusive Margaret Pearce can be found lurking in an underground house in the hills near Melbourne. Margaret Pearce has had around 28 books published, mostly for children and teenagers. She can be found lurking in an underground house in the hills near Melbourne, writing. Click here to find out more about the dastardly pirate story by Margaret, Terry & James\'92 Terrible Piratical Adventure. Illustrated by Lucy Timbrell and edited by Cath Isakson, it\'92s available for sale on the iBookstore and Kobo bookstore. Margaret\'92s story, Rebecca and the Hobgoblin Invasion was recently reviewed by Buzzword Books. About these ads Related Tips for young writers: How to make your story more interestingIn "books" Tips for young writers: Write in characterIn "writing" How did you get published? Interview with YA & children's author, George IvanoffIn "children's literature" This entry was posted in writing and tagged writing fiction, writing techniques, writing tips, young writers. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation \uc0\u8592  Previous Next \u8594  Why this blog? Who\'92s behind this blog? Popular posts Tips for young writers: How to make your story more interesting Topics animated children's television books children's literature ebooks emerging writer fantasy historical fiction non-fiction publishing science fiction self-publishing travel writing writing young adult fiction young adult literature Links Pass It On children\'92s book industry e-newsletter Tahlia Newland\'92s \'91search for a publisher\'92 blog Stats 19,252 views Blog at WordPress.com. | The Dusk To Dawn Theme. Follow Follow \'93Great (book) expectations\'94 Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 68 other followers Total Members: 202,145+ Web Design Professionals - 1stWebDesigner Web Design Professionals. About Blog Podcast Videos Contact How We Created The Best Freelance Marketplace On The Internet Facebook Twitter + Are you unhappy with the lack of clients you are getting as a freelance web designer? We know, we asked, and we understood the need for a great place that connects freelancers with clients but we couldn\'92t find a good solution to recommend. Existing job boards, crowd sourcing sites and freelance marketplaces all seem to undervalue designers and serve clients with cheap solutions. Then we spoke with a few of our entrepreneur friends and guess what? \'96 The hardest part for them is finding talented designers and developers! The world needs a better way to find the perfect designer or developer. And freelancers need a better way to get more and better clients. We believe we\'92ve created that better way. Do you want to know how AwesomeWeb hold against top 8 freelance marketplaces? Read this huge research article about pros and cons of each of them. It\'92s called AwesomeWeb! To kick it off with a boom, we invited 12 of the best designers and developers on the Internet to help mentor you! Find a Web Designer or Developer \'b7 AwesomeWeb \'85and these are the best designers and developers that you could find from around the globe! The Problem with Finding More Clients After climbing through every job board, crowd sourcing site, and freelance marketplace we could find, they all had one thing in common- they all catered to the client while putting up a barrier between you and them. Job boards allow clients to post projects that generally go to the lowest bidder. Crowd sourcing sites attract the low-end clients who expect hundreds of designers to work for free. The big freelance marketplaces are flooded with agencies who have worked for thousands of clients. How are you supposed to compete? Maybe they\'92re right. Maybe there\'92s a reason they all appeal to the client. Maybe that\'92s the best way to maximize profits and build out their companies. But we believe there is a large and growing group of under-served entrepreneurs, designers, and developers who value quality over cost, people who want to make the web more awesome. The Feedback from Beta Testers Earlier this month we started beta testing the site. People loved it! We had over 300 applications for 20-30 spots. They couldn\'92t wait to get in, create their accounts and showcase their work. beta-testers \'85and here\'92s the launching of a marketplace to search for awesome web designers and developers! Email after email started rolling in. \'93That is an awesome idea, honestly. Your work should have a fair chance in the market and the client should come to you, rather than being pressured into hiring the big dog. I feel that is one of the major areas that Elance and Freelancer went wrong. They made it to where companies came in and basically took over the market (having employees posing as freelancers) because they were able to approach the client, rather than the other way around. Sure, they had to be invited in the end, after presenting a proposal\'85but when they dress up their proposal with less than minimum wage rates and \'91thousands of websites built to date\'92, how is a single freelancer supposed to compete with that?\'94 ~ Andrew R., designer \'93Right now, I believe that the bar is set pretty low on popular sites like oDesk, Freelancer, etc. I get the feeling that your project wants to change that.\'94 ~ Liviu M., designer \'93I am all for helping expand opportunities for designers and clients to meet in a forum that is fair to both. I was a Codeable vendor and resigned due to policies that only favored the client and not the designer.\'94 ~ Jonathan F., designer \'93Too many companies are conned into using services like PeoplePerHour or Fiverr and end up with substandard work.\'94 ~ Simon P., designer \'93I am all for better way to connect the right web designers to the right clients. It shouldn\'92t take scouring Google, Craigslist, oDesk, or Freelancer for days just to find a good web designer. Let\'92s make it fast, simple, and easy\'94 ~ Charley L., designer Talented designers from around the world are clamoring for a better solution. We\'92re Like You. We\'92ve been there\'85 Before we tell you what we have built, we want to share our partner Nicholas Tart\'92s story because it is important for you to know where we\'92re coming from and why we created this project: \'93As a freelance web designer and front-end developer, it took me two years to build up a modest client base. I started at $15 per hour, built a few sites, increased my rate, built a few more sites, and increased my rate again. The cycle continued but it could\'92ve happened much faster. I was nowhere near capacity. So I started looking into my options. I hated the concept of crowdsourcing. I\'92d rather focus on my side projects than work for a 1-in-100 chance at getting paid. Then I looked through the freelance marketplaces and found nothing but a sea of $100 projects. I\'92m sure these sites work for some people, but it wasn\'92t for me. Without finding anything that could help, I continued to take on a few clients per year while managing my existing clients. I was able to pay my bills but my days were never full with billable work. I could only imagine what it\'92d be like working at $50-100 per hour, 40 hours per week. And to have enough work coming in that I could start turning clients away. It\'92d be a dream! There was nowhere for a freelancer like me. Someone who has several years of experience building $3K \'96 $10K websites, who was only a few $10K projects away from opening up an agency or being able to focus on my side projects part time. That\'92s when I started working with Michael and Dainis on this project called AwesomeWeb! ~ Nicholas Tart The Beginnings of AwesomeWeb about-team \'85these are the faces of the amazing and brilliant people who designed and created AwesomeWeb. In January of this year I met with Nick and Michael Dunlop at a cabin in New Forest, England to establish the foundation of what is now AwesomeWeb. Michael Dunlop (founder of IncomeDiary and PopupDomination) is well-known in the Internet marketing community. His software has been viewed over a billion times. The number one question he receives is \'93Can you recommend a good designer?\'94 We set out to build a simple freelance marketplace for people who do and need awesome work. The concept is built on three principles: If you\'92re a website owner, it should be simple to find talent and choose who you work with. If you\'92re a freelancer, you should be hired based on the merits of your work. The purpose of a freelance marketplace is to connect clients and freelancers with the perfect clients and freelancers. \'85without barriers. Our developer, Stefanos Ioannou, happened to be in the UK at the time, so he joined us for a weekend. Then I told them about my designer, Michael Burns, who we brought into the project just a few hours later. We had our team. We had our foundation. It was just a matter of building it. Easy right? How Does AwesomeWeb Work? How would you like to focus on building awesome websites without worrying about finding new clients? Not only that, how would you like to choose your clients rather than begging them to choose you? iterations-awesomweb \'85different design styles brought by the awesomeness of AwesomeWeb developers. AwesomeWeb is a subscription-based freelance marketplace. For a flat $17 per month, you\'92ll be able to create an account, choose your skills, upload a few projects, request endorsements and sit back as clients sell themselves to you. No more percentage of project fees. No more waiting for a Big Brother marketplace to hand you a measly project. If you have the skills that clients are looking for, and you have the portfolio to back it up, clients will contact you. If they don\'92t, leave within 90 days and we\'92ll give you your money back. One good client will pay for your account for life. In a few short weeks, we\'92ll be opening AwesomeWeb to a limited number of freelancers. In the meantime, make sure you enter to win an AwesomeWeb Scholarship below. Back to Our Launch Contest To commemorate our launch and give back to you, we\'92ve asked 12 of the world\'92s most talented designers and developers to mentor 12 lucky winners! It\'92s called the AwesomeWeb Scholarship! These designers have stepped up in a big way to give you an hour of their time: Nick La, Web Designer Wall Paul Jarvis, pjrvs.com Adelle Charles, Bitly Jacob Cass, JUST Creative Those were just the first four, care to check out more of them in here! 1800x845v2-DesignerDeveloper \'85AwesomeWeb just gets more awesome every minute; you can gain a scholarship slot here from the world\'92s best mentors! When Michael, Nick, and I were on a walk out in New Forest back in January, we brainstormed on how to launch AwesomeWeb. We considered an iPad giveaway, but that would\'92ve been gimmicky and overdone. Then we thought about giving away 100 of the best design and development books. It would\'92ve been better, but what if we could give people the chance to talk directly to the authors of those books? Nothing is more valuable than the time and wisdom of a mentor. So that\'92s what we went with. It took a lot of work to get these people onboard, but they\'92re ready and excited to help. Click here to enter the AwesomeWeb Scholarship! Let\'92s make the web more awesome! Facebook Twitter + Ace the Freelancing Race: How to Spell Freelance Success When Should You Quit Your Job? (and Begin Freelancing) The Freelancer\'92s Guide to Retirement Preparation The Community of Web Design Professionals "It's our personal mission to make sure you become the best web design professional." -James, CEO / Co-Founder Valuable ideas once a week Hi there. Just wanted to share my story with you guys. I signed up with Awesome Web on 30th Sept and today is 18 Oct and I have got 8 Enquiries since then and got 3 clients since then as follows: 1. Logo Design >>> $85 2. Wordpress Design >>>$400 3. Wordpress Design >>>$450 So I think its a great ROI>>> $935 from just $17!!! Click Here To Learn More! Comments Mithun November 15, 2014 at 04:03 I explored awesomeweb. It\'92s just awesome. There are plenty of developers and other freelancers out there. But my concern is if it could outrun fiverr.com where people are selling their services for less than $20. I know awesomeweb offer some expert freelancer, but still when it comes to spending money, newbies are more likely to hire a cheap developer. What do you think? Regards, Mithun komol hossain November 13, 2014 at 03:10 Hi, Dainis, Your article should be read by those people whole think about outsourcing. I have learn form your article i hope your next article will be more knowledgeable and i\'92m waiting for this. Free Vector November 7, 2014 at 11:32 Great work guys.. Brian Jackson November 4, 2014 at 13:55 Hi Dainis; To be honest i don\'92t like reading long articles but this is totally great for a newbie designer Greg October 20, 2014 at 17:39 I am a freelancer, and often hire others. It\'92s not difficult to find skilled people to do something. The hard part is to find people who will not quit in the middle of project, leaving you. John September 24, 2014 at 06:28 Superb work I must say. I was looking for a platform like this since long, but still don\'92t seem to find it (As I am looking for SEO freelancing ;) ) Kindly take SEO into consideration and include it in Awesome web or maybe make a similar one for SEO :D Thanks Ali Qayyum September 20, 2014 at 02:53 hi Dainis Graveris Really informative case study for getting more clients. I was making a few mistakes! And really fed up. AwesomeWeb is a really great service. I am definitely will try it. Tauseef Alam September 6, 2014 at 09:15 Hi Dainis Totally awesome. being a freelance designer, now i have a much better platform. This is something unique. Now it looks like the time has come to say bye bye to Elance/PeoplePerHour Dainis Graveris September 6, 2014 at 11:39 We really hope so Tauseef! :) Thiago September 5, 2014 at 18:48 Just saw the discussion above, about the value that is perceived, and that is right at the point we are going through today. I believe that if a person cannot see the inherent value that a service provides, he will always think it is expensive. If he can see that value, than he will never think it is expensive, because it will bring more benefits than he is paying for, and that is the kind of costumer you want to do walk that extra mile for. Dainis Graveris September 6, 2014 at 00:42 Thiago, thanks for jumping in. That\'92s exactly the point \'96 if you would know that you can put 1 dollar in machine and get 2 dollars out wouldnt you do it? The same way we all buy products because we know what we can do with that knowledge or service to multiply our income. Good rule to remember is each product we buy should give us 10x in return..otherwise either product is bad or we are not doing what we should. Andrzej "Nigel" Pach September 5, 2014 at 03:57 As a freelance designer this seems like a great new place to explore! These are big words and a great responsibility to take on a new marketplace like this, but I guess who else than 1stwebdesigner is eliglibe to do that :D ? Time will show but definately will be looking closely into it Dainis Graveris September 5, 2014 at 05:46 Yeah..that\'92s why we teamed up to make it happen!! :) Thanks for support, Andrzej! Sohil Memon September 5, 2014 at 02:09 Awesome Project guys! I really appreciate your work and I must say that \'91A new Era is coming for Designers, Developers and Entrepreneurs\'92. Hats off! Keep going going in this way and no one can stop you! Dainis Graveris September 5, 2014 at 02:12 Ah thanks Sohil \'96 doing our best and will overcome all challenges! Hope to see you joining mentorship though!! It\'92s a great opportunity to get free help! :) saqib ahmad September 4, 2014 at 22:41 wow! this is nice project and totally a new and creative side you showed in this. I am wondering how much talented ideas coming these day. Best of Luck Dainis Graveris September 5, 2014 at 01:52 Thanks Saqib, appreciate you trusting in us! Ouh yes, Internet is bringing so much possibilities for simple people to create world-changing projects! It wasnt possible before, it was so expensive to build anything \'96 now it\'92s not so expensive, but you need a good cause and you need to put in some hard work! kenny moreno September 4, 2014 at 20:02 Great Project keep it up man you and your team are awesome! Dainis Graveris September 4, 2014 at 22:29 Thank you Kenny! We are working hard to make it awesome and create a better place for freelancers to find work easily so they can do what they are really good at, worrying less about finding work. Roberto September 4, 2014 at 14:25 So, before the designers made little money and now they PAY to work! Yeah, much better!!! lol Dainis Graveris September 4, 2014 at 22:28 Roberto, did you actually read the post? And are you actually freelancer yourself? Nicholas Tart September 5, 2014 at 00:14 Roberto, I appreciate you bringing up the objection. That was one of Dainis\'92s concerns too. The reason every other freelance marketplace is free to register is because the freelancer (or agency employee in most cases) is the product being sold. As long as the client is their customer, they cater to the client. As long as the freelancer is our customer, we can do what\'92s best for the freelancer. We believe, no matter where in the world you live, that $17/month will be 1/100th of the value that we can provide. If you read the article and considered your opinion before you commented on it, then we must not have clearly explained that. Aksam Zarook September 11, 2014 at 22:26 That\'92s a sad comment Roberto. I\'92m a freelancer struggling to get new clients. I\'92m also from Sri Lanka so $17 is a substantial fee for me but I don\'92t mind paying it. Like Nicholas says if this new venture for freelancers delivers as promised it will cover the cost. I\'92ve tried those free freelancer sites. They work just like described in this article. Undervalue our service and time. So I\'92m ready to give this project a try. Naba Now September 15, 2014 at 04:47 I am Agree with you. Thanks for your Feedback. Andy Flint September 3, 2014 at 16:35 I really, really do hope this project develops how you guys envisage it should. But I\'92m concerned that it may just get hijacked by agencies posing as freelancers and just become a premium version of the various sites you mentioned above. Dainis Graveris September 4, 2014 at 22:32 Andy, we will do our best not to allow it to happen and encourage freelancers to collaborate (agency like). Independent designers collaborating with good project managers, with good developers to get fighting chance with agencies. Freelancers have one pretty big benefit \'96 they are small. They can move quickly, where agencies quickly start to become slow with all politics. I really believe that our team can do it \'96 we have excellent client perspective, excellent freelancer perspective and serious \'96 WHY to do the right thing! Nicholas Tart September 5, 2014 at 00:04 Andy, Dainis is right. We want to serve people like ourselves. Plus, we have a screening process for new accounts. We\'92re going to grow slowly and methodically. I hope it goes the way we envision it too. David Fraiser September 3, 2014 at 13:35 Great idea, but good God is this a loooooong page\'85 *sigh* Dainis Graveris September 5, 2014 at 02:09 haha, what do you mean David? Make sure you don\'92t miss the mentorship part in page, it\'92s a great opportunity for everybody wanting to level up their skills :) Design Basic Principles of Flat Design \'96 And Resources to Get You Started! How Well Do You Understand Wireframes and Prototypes? Essential UX Tips for Your Website Anatomy of Effective Landing Pages How to Use UI Kits \'96 Plus Free UI Kits to Choose From! WordPress Create Custom WordPress Shortcode and Make Your Site User-Friendly 10 Best WordPress Tutorial Sites to Help You Understand WordPress Better 40 Premium WordPress Portfolio Themes to Impress Your Clients What is the Best WordPress Framework to Use? 10 Exciting Premium WordPress Plugins That Are Worth Every Penny Business One Little-Known Gesture That Could Affect Your Client Relationships Big Time 13 Business Lessons from Expanding 1stWebDesigner in 2014 How We Created The Best Freelance Marketplace On The Internet 30 Must-Follow Designers on Twitter Let A Client Go: 4 Signs Why You Need to Fire Clients About Blog Podcast Videos Quotes #Deliver Subscribe Copyright \'a9 2015 \'b7 1stWebDesigner \'b7 1WD Neo V2.2 by 1stWebDesigner Once she arrived near the center, she was to grab 2 wet towels from inside the bucket that was sitting in this dead smack center of such helipad, she was to then wrap each one of these towels around her wrists and without any hesitation walk towards the nearest warehouse in the direction of the river. Now Ty had a very athletic build that Where there was some markings that resembled that of helipad.
\f0 \
\
}