{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
It was all over the news that day. It was really t\
\
Created:\
Tuesday, August 4, 2015 10:16:34 PM Brazil (Sao Paulo)\
\
Body:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 It was all over the news that day. It was really the only thing anybody would be watching for weeks. "How could this happen?" Andrew thought as he watched the carnage on live television play out like some sort of sick joke. Why wasn't the news editing out all those people falling to their deaths as the hotel was being taken over floor by floor? Why were they so enamored with the shock and the terror?\
Only one explanation could penetrate his head. Nothing like this had ever happened before. As Front News Channel 9 kept relating the events, Andrew began pulling on his rubber blanket with dazed eyes. His eyes were watery and he wanted to cry but every time he was about to he felt like the voice of the newscaster would come on and as she read the report on the events being displayed each of her statements would hit Andrew like a slab of drywall across his cheek. This was sobering as Andrew had been in shock for almost two hours and was now beginning to remember that he wasn't just part of the event, he was, in many ways at the center of it.\
\'a0of a sixty two story building exploding from the penthouse as fifteen year old Tommy Flaman swan dived off the rooftop? The more Andrew realized what was happening, the less it made sense. Until he finally saw the final body hit the news van. Tommy's body hit the van with a thunderous crash that sent most of the equipment in the van spilling and shooting out broken parts of plastic and bent metal. The crash came with such a force that the shrapnel had awoken Andrew from the daze that he had been as he now remembered where he was. Outside the news van viewing the live feed from Front News Channel 9. Their van was parked on the other side of the street next to the ambulance where Andrew had been given medical assistance.\'a0\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
}