{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
People say that they don't know what it's like to \
\
Created:\
Sunday, July 26, 2015 2:32:49 AM Brazil (Sao Paulo)\
\
Body:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 People say that they don't know what it's like to be inside the mind of a crazy person but they do. Being crazy is inside all of us. It's under the hood. Beneath the skin. It's irking and lurking and trying desperately to leach it's way out. Consciousness. Sometimes we block and try to numb it with our everyday senses... But there's no escaping the truth. You are no more human than an ant is an ant. Take any animal from the animal kingdom. You could do this with any plant really anything that we consider to be alive but for the sake brevity it would be easier to pick something that has eyes and a mouth. That thing whatever it is: a horse, a dolphin, a bear, a spider. Take good look at it and clear your mind and hold that animal in your line of site. Keep looking at it and do not think about anything else. Are you ready? Now as you are looking at it forget what it is called. Erase the human classification you have given it. Forget all that you know or think you know about it. Just look at it. There are no ants, no bears, no humans. These are all just words and constructs in our brains. Created to identify different patterns of what is essentially the same thing the will to exist. Everything, especially you and I are crazy because when you really think about it we could not really exist without the will of something or someone that came before us and created us from literally almost nothing. You are the fruit of something or somebody's efforts. You are very literally a living breathing walking talking work of art. And if you came from a monkey then it means at some point in the evolution a monkey created you. And now you rule over the monkey. How long before you are the monkey?\
\
Every species holds a pattern but the breakout species is where things begin to convert and break those patterns. There is a word for this in biology. A moment where the pattern is broken and consequently a new pattern emerges. The creation of a new expression of the old but different and from then on it takes off into becoming its own thing. Evolution. Maybe.\
\
Maybe? What the fuck do you mean maybe?\
\
Old man: what I mean is there will never be a real way to prove all of this. We are not equipped as a species to handle this kind of information and use it to our advantage. People are way to preoccupied with their own agendas. We're still to stupid to realize we are no better than giant ants. The philosophical nature of our potential however was meant to be much more than that. Not because we're human mind you. No a human is just a classification of a pattern. True human is a much more elevated term than homo erectus in that it is idealized. But that is were the potential comes in insnt it. We are more than our brethren species because we idealize ways to break that pattern much faster, much quicker. So why are we so afraid because in our own righteous search to break the pattern we have become hyper aware of our own mortality. We can now taste our death. And so fear sets in. We detract; we pull back. We begin to behave once again as animals. Survival, Darwinism. Devolution sets in but also primitive belief systems trump over logic which confuse our senses and corrupt our instincts. More people died from the reaction to 911 than from 911 itself.\'a0\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
}