{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
The lone island. Act1\
\
Created:\
Monday, August 3, 2015 10:58:11 PM Brazil (Sao Paulo)\
\
Body:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 The lone island. Act1\
The dead island. Act2\
The lively island. Act3\
\
Chapter 1: A PR nightmare\
\
It started with the bells ringing. Nobody knew why every church for miles was ringing their bells or how they even got the news first but an hour in everyone got the news. The Americans were getting out. It wasn't something all to clear at first but as me and my family gathered around our sixty inch plasma television, I began recording as it soon became all too obvious what was happening. We were witnessing an event in history. After one hundred years of Americanization of the island of Puerto Rico, the U.S. was now dumping us like a surplus of toxic ordinance.\
\
That was in a nutshell what we had become. Toxic. After Spanning months and months of petitioning on the Senate and being ignored, our politicians had been finally granted an audience with the Republican and Democratic parties for a right to dissolvancy in way of the deficit and all debts amassed by the island. It was a bad situation made worse by the fact that Puerto Rico had never been fully acknowledged by Americans as a territory even though it had been so for more than a hundred years. In the eyes of investors and American interests PR and all its inhabitants were as American as popcorn. In the eyes of the people however, we were just immigrants with hall passes.\'a0\
\
It was clear to us now, we would never be considered equals, that just wasn't the kind of world we lived in.\
\
\
It's easy to think of a place as an extension of who you are; and in many ways it really is. However what makes that place yours isn't really the place but the people. Your people are not necessarily your people unless they really are your people. Anybody can have your back and yet most people do not. The way to let go of such notions of who and what it is you owe credence to is to assess the people around you in a matter not unlike the way you assess which foods in the fridge have gone bad. The difference being that you don't throw away the bar foods. Instead you collect it and store it or you burry it in the soil. In the end, it's all dirt.\'a0\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
}