{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
The sea levels rising:\
\
Created:\
Tuesday, August 11, 2015 2:27:04 PM Brazil (Sao Paulo)\
\
Body:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 The sea levels rising:\
\
The ship reverberated with the bodies of the men as every single one of them hit the wall outside the main deck. The storm was cutting loose and they had no other means with which to winch whatever it was that they were dragging. Slowly but surely the waves had begun to compound one by one in the middle of the day\
\
. The sunlight along with any visibility had all but faded away.\
the high winds were so rough, and so constant, had they not been as warm as they were they would have beaten the crew just on volume alone. Instead, it just blistered their spirits. They were aching but they knew the catch was to important to give way. They all knew what they had caught with their nets. They knew. but they also didn't know. They didn't know where thing had come from. They didn't know how it was this thing moved. How it was alive. They didn't know how it could appear to be so strong when they were attacking it and now that they dragging it halfway across the Atlantic. As the storm drew harder and colder the crew of the Atticus knew that they would be in for a long day. Seaman Neil Patrick Roberts motioned the captain. You're new here. You stay topside and circle the bow every fifteen minutes. Stay clear of the men unless first mate Blake signals you to join in. Sir, I don't understand if anything I should be down there testing for samples in the water. The captain gave Neil a stern look. Mr Roberts, When I gave you open space to conduct this treasure hunt of your I was under the impression we would be transporting a ten ton haul. Our contract said nothing at all about my ship being dragged halfway across the Atlantic by a Goddan U.S.O.\'a0\
I know captain but need I remind you of the clause in our agreement. It specifies the need to retrieve certain mechanisms pertaining the relationship of the findings in question. This captain is one of those mechanisms. This object could be the key to the Amliahacumbha. Object?! Said the captain screaming. This thing isn't moving like an object, Roberts. \'a0It's shaking and kicking. As the captain said this he began walking and slid the main deck door open. As he pointed towards the bow of the ship Roberts and everyone could see a 12 meter wide saucer pulling the ship. It was going in the same direction which allowed for the ship to tug along but was doing it very eradicaly. The ship was constantly shifting shape. Almost like it was trying to cut loose from the nets but somehow not enough. This thing could have switched 90 degrees off course and dragged the ship from under itself or even flip it over but for some reason it wasn't. For all the Ruckus this disk was making, it wasn't fighting us, not really. It wanted us to follow it. The shifting and fighting could have many other explanations but none that bear consideration in Patrick's mind. Contract obligation dictates we keep on. So that's what we'll do said Patrick. We ride it out see where this thing takes us.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
}